Add a Project Manager reference and a few more glossary entries (#837)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/project-config/project-manager.md

* Open a project in **O3DE Editor**.
* Add or remove [Gems](/docs/user-guide/appendix/glossary#gem) in a project from the **Gem Catalog**.
* Configure the project icon.
* Configure O3DE manifest settings, such as default locations for projects,  downloadable ("third-party") packages, and other O3DE objects on your computer.

## Launching Project Manager

To launch Project Manager, do one of the following:

* Open the **Project Manager** shortcut that was placed on your desktop during installation.
* Launch `o3de.exe` from the engine or project build directory.

The location of `o3de.exe` depends on how the engine binaries were built:

{{< tabs name="o3de.exe location" >}}
{{% tab name="Source engine" %}}

When you build a source engine, you specify a build directory, such as `build/windows_vs2019` or `build/linux`. The binaries are located in a subdirectory of the build directory. The path name of this subdirectory depends on the build configuration you chose. Example: `bin/profile`.

To launch Project Manager, do the following:

1. Open a file browser or command line window on your computer and navigate to the O3DE engine or project directory that contains your build directory.

> 1. Locate and launch the Project Manager application, `o3de.exe`, from `<BUILD_DIRECTORY>/bin/<BUILD_CONFIGURATION>`.

Author: Markdown has auto-numbering if you leave all of the numbers as "1." The benefit of using this feature is that you can add or remove from the ordered list and not have to worry about manually renumbering it!

Example:

```cmd
build\windows_vs2019\bin\profile\o3de.exe
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Installed or pre-built SDK engine" %}}

To launch Project Manager, do the following:

1. Open a file browser or command line window on your computer and navigate to your O3DE install directory.

> 1. Locate and launch the Project Manager application, `o3de.exe`, from `<INSTALL_DIRECTORY>/bin/<PLATFORM>/<BUILD_CONFIGURATION>`.

Author: See previous comment on auto-numbering in Markdown.

Example:

```cmd
bin\Windows\profile\o3de.exe
```

{{< important >}}
If you built the engine from source using the `INSTALL` target, make sure that you launch Project Manager from the installed engine's build directory, _not_ the engine's build directory. This is important because the engine that Project Manager uses for various operations (creating new projects, for example) is determined based on the location of the `o3de.exe` application.
{{< /important >}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Project Manager reference

The Project Manager application contains the following screens:

* Projects
* Engine
* Project details
* Project settings
* Configure gems

### Projects

The **Projects** tab is the home screen for Project Manager. Here you will find all of your registered O3DE projects.

![Projects tab with legend](/images/user-guide/project-config/project-manager/projects-tab-legend.png)

When one or more projects are registered on your computer, the **New Project...** menu **(1)** appears in the upper right corner of the window, containing the following choices:

| Action | Description |
| - | - |
| **Create New Project** | Starts the new project workflow. |

> | **Add Existing Project** | Opens a "Select Project Directory" browse dialog box, from which you can add an existing O3DE project to Project Manager. This will also register the project in your O3DE manifest. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Add Existing Project** | Opens a **Select Project Directory** browse dialog box, from which you can add an existing O3DE project to Project Manager. This will also register the project in your O3DE manifest. |
```

{{< /note >}}

The project context menu contains the following actions:

| Action | Description |
| - | - |
| **Edit Project Settings** | Opens the project settings screen, from which you can change selected project settings and configure which Gems are enabled for your project. |
| **Build** | Builds the project. |
| **Open Project folder** | Opens the project folder in a file explorer window on your computer. |
| **Duplicate** | Creates a duplicate of the project (without the build folder) in a directory of your choosing. It also registers the new project in the O3DE manifest in your user folder. Note that the project display name of the duplicate project will be the same as the original. You can update the display name in Project Settings. |
| **Remove from O3DE** | Removes the project from Project Manager and the O3DE manifest, but does not delete the project from disk. |
| **Delete this Project** | Removes the project from Project Manager and the O3DE manifest _and deletes the project from disk_. |

### Engine

The **Engine** tab contains settings from the engine manifest and the O3DE manifest. The default folder locations are editable on this screen.

{{< note >}}

> The `.o3de` directory in your user folder is the default location for all of the default folders. If you have limited drive space in your user folder, consider changing some of these default folder locations–particularly the "3rd Party Software Folder", which will contain several GB of downloaded packages after creating your first project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.o3de` directory in your user folder is the default location for all of the default folders. If you have limited drive space in your user folder, consider changing some of these default folder locations–particularly the "3rd Party Software Folder," which will contain several GB of downloaded packages after creating your first project.
```

{{< /note >}}

![Engine tab with default values](/images/user-guide/project-config/project-manager/engine-tab.png)

The Engine tab contains the following O3DE settings:

| Setting | Description |
| - | - |
| **Engine Version** | (Read-only) Displays the O3DE engine version read from the `engine.json` manifest of the engine associated with Project Manager when Project Manager was launched. |
| **3rd Party Software Folder** | Defines the location of the downloadable packages used by O3DE and its components. |
| **Default Projects Folder** | Defines the default folder for projects. New projects will be created in this folder unless a different path is specified during the new project workflow. |
| **Default Gems Folder** | Defines the default folder for Gems. New Gems will be created in this folder unless a different path is specified when the Gem is created. |
| **Default Project Templates Folder** | Defines the default folder for project templates. New project templates will be created in this folder unless a different path is specified when the project template is created. |

### Project details

> The **Enter Project Details** screen is part of the new project workflow. On this screen you can set the project's name and location on your computer. You can also choose the project template, which defines the initial set of Gems that are enabled in your new project. You can further refine the initial set of Gems using the **Configure Gems** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Enter Project Details** screen is part of the new project workflow. On this screen, you can set the project's name and location on your computer. You can also choose the project template, which defines the initial set of Gems that are enabled in your new project. You can further refine the initial set of Gems using the **Configure Gems** button.
```

![Create a New Project - Project Details screen](/images/welcome-guide/project-manager-create-project.png)

### Project settings

> The **Edit Project Settings** menu action in the project context menu opens the **Edit Project Settings** screen. On this screen you can change the project's display name and update the project's icon. These settings and more are stored in the `project.json` file located at the root of your project directory. You can also change the set of Gems that are enabled for your project using the **Configure Gems** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Edit Project Settings** menu action in the project context menu opens the **Edit Project Settings** screen. On this screen, you can change the project's display name and update the project's icon. These settings and other information are stored in the `project.json` file located at the root of your project directory. You can also change the set of Gems that are enabled for your project using the **Configure Gems** button.
```

![Edit Project Settings screen](/images/user-guide/project-config/project-manager/project-settings.png)

The Edit Project Settings screen contains the following project settings:

| Setting | Description |
| - | - |
| **Project Name** | The project's display name. This is the name that's displayed under the project icon on the Projects tab in Project Manager. |
| **Project Location** | The project's location on your computer. If you select a different folder using the folder button, Project Manager will move your project to the new location and update the O3DE manifest with the new path. A project rebuild is required after moving your project in this way. |

> | **Project Preview** | The path to the project icon image. The filename will always be `preview.png`. If you select a different image using the folder button, Project Manager will copy the image to your project folder and rename it `preview.png`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Project Preview** | The path to the project icon image. The file name will always be `preview.png.` If you select a different image using the folder button, Project Manager will copy the image to your project folder and rename it `preview.png.` |
```

Author: I'm going to reject this suggestion because the back quotes delineate a formatting region (fixed width font) and I don't want the period to be included in this--it would appear as though it were part of the filename. (Also, I'm going to keep filename as one word, since both versions appear to be widely accepted.)

### Configure gems

> The **Configure Gems** screen enables you to change the collection of Gems that are enabled in your project. This screen can be opened during the new project workflow (from the Enter Project Details screen) or from the Edit Project Settings screen of an existing project. You can use the Gem Catalog in the Configure Gems screen to find and enable new Gems for your project. Refer to [Adding and Removing Gems in a Project](./add-remove-gems) for instructions on using Configure Gems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Configure Gems** screen enables you to change the collection of Gems that are enabled in your project. You can open this screen during the new project workflow, from the **Enter Project Details** screen, or from the **Edit Project Settings** screen of an existing project. You can use the Gem Catalog in the **Configure Gems** screen to find and enable new Gems for your project. Refer to [Adding and Removing Gems in a Project](./add-remove-gems) for instructions on using Configure Gems.
```

Author: You caught me using passive voice. Nice!
